Tokenizer v1.0.0 (#77)
meilisearch/tokenizer: README.md

## Details

> Charabia is modular. It goes field by field, determining the most likely language for the field and running a different pipeline for each language.

Reviewer: What do you mean by _It goes field by field_, isn't this tokenizer only aware of strings only, not documents?

Author: I changed this phrase to a better one

## Supported languages

**Charabia is multilingual**, featuring optimized support for:

|  Script - Language  |                           specialized segmentation                            | specialized normalization | Segmentation Performance level | Tokenization Performance level |
|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|-------------------|---|
| **Latin** - **Any** | ✅ [unicode-segmentation](https://github.com/unicode-rs/unicode-segmentation) | ✅ lowercase + deunicode            | 🟩 ~45MiB/sec    | 🟨 ~24MiB/sec    |
| **Chinese** - **CMN** 🇨🇳 | ✅ [jieba](https://github.com/messense/jieba-rs) | ✅ traditional-to-simplified conversion | 🟨 ~21MiB/sec    | 🟧 ~9MiB/sec    |

> We aim to provide global language support, and your feedback helps us [move closer to that goal](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/language.html#improving-our-language-support). If you notice inconsistencies in your search results or the way your documents are processed, please open an issue on our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/tokenizer/issues/new/choose).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to provide global language support, and your feedback helps us [move closer to that goal](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/advanced/language.html#improving-our-language-support). If you notice inconsistencies in your search results or the way your documents are processed, please open an issue on our [GitHub repository](https://github.com/meilisearch/charabia/issues/new/choose).
```

Reviewer: please, make sure that the links are all up-to-date with charabia.

### About Performance level

> Performances is based on the throughput (MiB/sec) of the tokenizer (computed on a MacBook Pro 2021 - Apple M1 Pro) using je-malloc:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performances are based on the throughput (MiB/sec) of the tokenizer (computed on a MacBook Pro 2021 - Apple M1 Pro) using jemalloc:
```

- 0️⃣⬛️: 0   -> 1   MiB/sec
- 1️⃣🟥: 1   -> 5   MiB/sec
- 2️⃣🟧: 5   -> 12  MiB/sec
- 3️⃣🟨: 12  -> 35  MiB/sec
- 4️⃣🟩: 35  -> 75  MiB/sec

> - 5️⃣🟪: 75  -> ... MiB/sec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 5️⃣🟪: 75 MiB/sec or more
```
